hey guys GCP you here
she's water-cooled here she is let me
show you some pictures well we've done
to her here it is on the bench a dope
case with the Maximus 3 formula we go
ahead and got a GTX 285 video card here
it's water cold I did take out the x5
sound card here and put a true sound
card here for all the options here we
got the fans installed here on the side
we're using the no cz7 when I walk power
supply here there's the waterfall
it's an ek spin res along with here we
got the yellow patriot case with a
vertex 120 SSD hard drive in there on
the back let's see if we can see the
back there's an MC C 355 pump down in
there right now we're using the fester
single 120 radiator but though we do
have a PA 360 on the way there's a shot
from the back she's running pretty cool
see we get some shots here
she's running a 4.2 now we do have the
GT RAM installed it's running at 2000
megahertz at eight nine eight so that's
pretty nice we went ahead and put the
Swift tech in there and then there she
is running real quiet if you can hear in
the back right now I had a red fan in
there but right now we're going with a
knock to a fan
nice and quiet we have three not tools
we'll put up there when the 360 gets in
a little bit of wiring which we'll clean
up later when we install the the other
rad here she is
I like her she's running really nice
like the Asus board alright guys talk to
you guys later